Update alchemy docs (#1189)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/develop/alchemy.md

id: alchemy
title: Create a Smart Contract using Alchemy
sidebar_label: Using Alchemy

> description:  Guide to deploy smart contracts using Alchemy. It's free

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description:  Guide to deploy smart contracts using Alchemy.
```

Author: Sounds good, thanks. For context, some users had asked us if it costs anything to sign up but I think it's clear enough :)

2. Create a wallet address with Metamask
3. Add balance to the wallet
4. Use Hardhat and Ethers.js to compile and deploy the project
5. Check contract status on Alchemy's platform

## Create and Deploy your Smart Contract using Hardhat

### Step 1: Connect to the Polygon network

> There are several ways to make requests to the Polygon PoS chain. Rather than running your own node, you will use a free account on Alchemy's developer platform and interact with the Alchemy Polygon PoS API to communicate with the Polygon PoS chain. The platform includes a full suite of developer tooling – this includes the ability to monitor requests, data analytics that demonstrate what happens under the hood during smart contract deployment, enhanced APIs (Transact, NFTs, etc), and an ethers.js SDK. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to make requests to the Polygon PoS chain. Rather than running your own node, you will use a free account on Alchemy's developer platform and interact with the Alchemy Polygon PoS API to communicate with the Polygon PoS chain. The platform consists of a full suite of developer tooling – this includes the ability to monitor requests, data analytics that demonstrates what happens under the hood during smart contract deployment, enhanced APIs (Transact, NFTs, etc), and an ethers.js SDK. 
```

Author: Sg, thanks
